docs: Expand the README even more (#54)
Munksgaard/session-types: README.md

Session types are not a new concept. They are cool, because they allow for
_compile-time_ verification of process communication. In other words, we are
able to check statically if two communicating processes adhere to their shared
communication protocol.

But implementing session types requires a way to model that certain actions in
the protocol have taken place. This is a complicated thing to do statically in
most programming languages, but in Rust it is easy because of _move semantics_.

Using move semantics, we ensure that "taking a step" in the protocol (sending,
receiving, etc) cannot be repeated.

## Protocol types

Any session-typed communication protocol is constructed from some basic
building blocks. This section goes through them pair-wise, showing an action
and its dual.

A session-typed channel is defined as `Chan<E, P>` where `E` is an
_environment_ and `P` is a protocol. The environment `E` is always `()` for
newly created channels (ie it is empty).

### `Eps`

This is the final step of any terminating protocol. The simplest example is:

    type Close = Eps;

Any channel whose type is `Chan<E, Eps>` implements the `close()` function that
closes the connection.

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps you should mention that the Dual of an `Eps` is also `Eps`.

Author: Sure.

### `Send` and `Recv`

These are the most basic of actions: Transmitting and receiving values. The
opposite of a `Send` with some type `T` is a `Recv` of type `T`.

    type S = Send<String, Eps>;
    type R = Recv<String, Eps>; // <S as HasDual>::Dual

> A channel of type `Chan<E, Send<T, P>>` implements the function `send(T) → Chan<E, P>`.

Reviewer: Perhaps we should use `method` here instead of function, since that is the usual Rust terminology.

```suggestion
A channel of type `Chan<E, Send<T, P>>` implements the method `send(T) → Chan<E, P>`.
```

Author: Done

> A channel of type `Chan<E, Recv<T, Q>>` implements the function `recv() → (T, Chan<E, Q>)`.

Reviewer: Same thing here.

```suggestion
A channel of type `Chan<E, Recv<T, Q>>` implements the method `recv() → (T, Chan<E, Q>)`.
```

Author: Done.

### `Choose` and `Offer`

There is the option of making choices in the protocol, for one process to
inform the other of a decision. The `Choose` and `Offer` constructs model such
choices.

    type C = Choose<Send<String, Eps>, Recv<String, Eps>>;

>     type O = Offer<Recv<String, Eps>, Send<String, Eps>; // <C as Hasdual>::Dual

Reviewer: Small typo here.

```suggestion
    type O = Offer<Recv<String, Eps>, Send<String, Eps>>; // <C as HasDual>::Dual
```

Perhaps these examples would fit better in the actual docs? Then they would also be tested for errors like this one.

Author: Good catch, thanks!

A channel of type `Chan<E, Choose<P, Q>>` implements _two_ functions:

 * `sel1() → Chan<E, P>`
 * `sel2() → Chan<E, Q>`

that communicates the choice of protocols `P` and `Q` to the other process.

A channel of type `Chan<E, Offer<P, Q>>` implements `offer() → Branch<Chan<E,
P>, Chan<E, Q>>`. `Branch` is an enum defined as:

    enum Branch<L, R> {
        Left(L),
        Right(R),
    }

A call to `offer()` should then be matched on to figure out which path the
other process decided to take.

    match c.offer() {
        Branch::Left(c) => …,
        Branch::Right(c) => …,
    }

### `Rec`, `Var`, `S` and `Z`

The type `Rec` implements the ability the recurse in the protocol, ie provides
an iterator component. The type `Rec<P>` allows repeating the protocol `P`.

A channel of type `Chan<E, Rec<P>>` implements the function `enter() → Chan<(P,

> E), P>`. What `enter()` does is "store" the protocol `P` in the channel

Reviewer: A bit too "speaky" for me here. Perhaps 

> `enter()` stores the protocol `P` in the channel environment.

would work just as well?

Author: Changed.

environment.

The `Var` construct is then used to reference protocols stored in the
environment. As the environment is essentially a stack, `Var` takes a counter
that is modeled as a Peano number. `Var<Z>` points to the top of the stack.

> A channel of type `Chan<(P, E), Var<Z>>` implements the function `zero() →

Reviewer: Again I think we should be clear that `zero` is a method. And perhaps it would be even more beneficial for the user if it said `zero(self)` (here and in other examples) thereby making it clear that the channel is consumed.

Author: Done.

Chan<(P, E), P>`, ie `Var<Z>` is replaced by `P` at the top of the stack.

    type RS = Rec<Send<String, Var<Z>>>;
    type RR = Rec<Recv<String, Var<Z>>>; // <RS as HasDual>::Dual

The following program indefinitely sends some string:

    let c: Chan<(), Rec<Send<String, Var<Z>>> = …;

>     let c = c.enter();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    let mut c = c.enter();
```

Author: thanks

    loop {
        c = c.send("Hello!".to_string()).zero();
    }

Protocols in the environment can also be popped from the stack with
`Var<S<N>>`. This requires there to be at least one protocol in the stack.

A channel of type `Chan<(P, E), Var<S<N>>>` implements the function `succ() ->
Chan<E, Var<N>>` that peels away the `P` from the environment and `S` in the
counter.

> With all the above, the following protocol should make sense:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the constructions from above, we can construct the following protocol:
```

I think `should make sense` is a little demanding of the reader :-)

Author: Changed.

    type Server = Rec<
                      Offer<
                          Eps,
                          Recv<String, Send<usize, Var<Z>>>
                      >
                  >;

It reads:

 * Either close the connection, or receive a string
 * If receive is chosen
   - Send back a `usize`
   - Go back to the beginning (from `Offer<…>`)

An example implementation:

    let c: Chan<(), Server> = …;

>     let c = c.enter();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    let mut c = c.enter();
```

Author: Fixed.

    loop {
        c = match c.offer() {
            Branch::Left(c) => {
                c.close();
                break
            },
            Branch::Right(c) => {
                let (c, str) = c.recv();

>                 c.send(str.len()).zero()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                c = c.send(str.len()).zero()
```

Author: It's already assigned to `c` in the `match`
